Name: 冯柏钧

SID: 12011124



I read the first sections, in Part I: A Sand County Almanac, from January to June.

The book has three parts and in brief, the first part is a record for Leopold's experience on the Sand Country farm, the author uses simple yet vivid brushstrokes to describe the natural scenery of Sand Country for a year, from January to December.

The author roughly chooses representatives for each month.

The clue of January is the skunk. In this season of ice thaw, skunks come out of hibernation and follow in the footsteps of skunks, you can see the whole world coming back to life.

The clue for February is an oak tree. The oak tree, 30 feet in diameter and over 80 years old, was struck by an accidental thunderstorm and withered. The author skillfully uses the saw of cutting into the tree, to tell a flashback of events in the neighborhood over the past 80 years. In the process of recalling, the author repeatedly refers to "Rest! cries the chief sawyer, and we pause for breath. " This marks the end of a short paragraph, making our reading easier. On the other hand, does it also reflect the long and heavy history of this period? In 1865, the second Industrial Revolution gradually emerged from the United States, and human plunder of nature increased sharply. Even a big agricultural state like Wisconsin is not immune. The number of wild animals has declined dramatically, and so has the natural forest resources. Later, people gradually realized the importance of nature and began to protect it. So 80 years later, in 1945, the author can still enjoy the wild near his farm.

The clue in March is geese. Geese return from the south, the author says "wish I were a muskrat", in order to observe geese closely. He even does a study for the number of birds in each goose team.

There is no uniform thread in April, which tells the story of the season around the farm. The spring tide rises, draba blooms, and the author introduces the bur oak. This tree is the only one tree that can withstand prairie fires, and it lives at the boundary between forest and prairie. As humans intervened, prairie fires died out, and oak carried woodland and farmland across the prairie. The dance of the woodsnipe makes the author appreciate and curious, and it is this sense of beauty that makes him limited and sparing in hunting.

The representative for May is teeter-snipe. They returned from Argentina with a strong sense of territory and witnessed the establishment of the Joint Office Migratory Bird Protection Law.

The representative event of June is fishing. The author recounted a fishing experience.

From these accounts, it is not difficult to find his deep affection for the land -- it is true that he had desires for the land. He cuts wood for burning,  hunts and fishes, but these did not prevent him from being limited, sparing and loving. This lays the foundation for his theory in the following parts. As a literary work, these words gives it more flesh and blood.



